docu(@nestjs/swagger) Describe @ApiSchema decorator (#1533)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/openapi/types-and-parameters.md

> info **Hint** The `getSchemaPath()` function is imported from `@nestjs/swagger`.

Both `Cat` and `Dog` must be defined as extra models using the `@ApiExtraModels()` decorator (at the class-level).

### Schema

> As you might have noticed the name of the generated model schema matches the name of the model class e.g. `CreateCatDto` will generate `CreateCatDto` schema. If you want to change the generated schema name then use `@ApiSchema()` decorator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you might have noticed the name of the generated model schema follows the name of the original model class (e.g., `CreateCatDto` model will generate a `CreateCatDto` schema). If you want to change the generated schema name then use `@ApiSchema()` decorator.
```

Author: Updated

For example:
```typescript
@ApiSchema({ name: 'CreateCatRequest' })
class CreateCatDto {}
```

> The above model will translate into schema with name `CreateCatRequest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model above will translate into the `CreateCatRequest` schema.
```

Author: Updated
